- Previously, on
"The Real Housewives
of Atlanta"...
I'm pregnant.
[laughing]
- Yo.
- What are we doing?
Cocktails?
- You know,
I'm on a alcohol cleanse.
[gasps]
I'm two weeks clean
of alcohol.
♪♪♪
- Ladies,
welcome to Destin!
[cheering]
- At the Bailey-que,
you was like
I need the makeover.
- I didn't say the word
"makeover."
- I do feel the fashion,
we could help
a little bit with.
- Eva, how was your
bachelorette party?
- It was a surprise.
- But I was invited.
- Wait.
I'm confused.
How is it a surprise
if you invited Porsha?
- Because I had 12 friends
end up coming to Miami,
which was not
the original plan.
- Why was NeNe
not invited?
You didn't even
invite NeNe,
who you asked to speak
at your wedding?
- How do you be in
somebody's wedding,
and they don't invite you
to the bachelorette's
weekend?
♪♪♪
- I am the glue for
my wig and my family.
- I age like a fine wine,
and now I am ready to chill.
- I count my blessings
and my checks.
- I live a model life.
Now, I'm ready
to be a top wife.
- I may be an open book,
but that doesn't mean
I'm easily read.
- I took a lotta
left turns,
but now,
things are just right.
♪♪♪
[thunder rumbling]
[phone ringing]
- Hey.
- Hey, check me out.
- Look at this.
Look at this.
- Whoo, fabulous.
[laughing]
[phone ringing]
- Babe, what up?
What's goin' on?
- I'm hungry
as I don't know what,
so I think
we got the chef--
Yes, we do.
Do you have a chef
on your trip?
- No, but my private
chauffeur just picked me up.
- You must be Ubering.
- I got a chauffeur.
[laughing]
- Oh, you look cute.
- Hi.
- Why does it feel like
I haven't seen you in forever?
I mean, me being pregnant,
I have attachment issues.
Like, seeing you
is like Lauren.
[laughing]
- How are you doing?
- Girl, I'm doing--
girl, I've been, like,
completely exhausted,
but I've been doing
good, though.
Like, I've been
telling them--
I've been telling 'em like,
you know, oh, I'm doing a--
I'm doing
an alcohol cleanse.
I decided not to tell the girls
about the pregnancy
right now because
it's just a scary thing
if you've ever dealt
with a miscarriage before.
I had a piercing here,
and-and I took it out
when I was pregnant.
- You were pregnant?
- Yeah.
- Oh, oh, I'm sorry.
- So, to me, it's not
gonna be real, real, real
until I go to that
first appointment,
and everything's
gonna be okay.
I'm like,
I was on the keto.
They're like, bitch,
you don't look smaller.
- Yes.
- So, now I gotta resort
to tricking them.
So, I do have this.
- That's not Hennessey?
- No, it is, but I have
to pour it out.
What about if I put
a little Coca-Cola
and some apple juice?
- Yes. Okay.
- All right.
Okay, bye.
- Bye.
- Okay.
[sniffs]
I've been known
to like to have fun
and have me a cocktail
here and there.
Can you give me some
alcoholic water?
Just a little apple juice.
It's organic.
Shot-shot-shot-shot.
Ah-ah-ah.
- Whoo!
- So, to make this happen,
I am having to breathe in
and breathe out
and pour good,
fresh Hennessey.
This is tough
right here.
This-this is
a test, okay?
♪♪♪
Thirsty.
I really have to mix this
potion up just right.
It's almost too brown.
♪♪♪
Mmm.
Turn up.
♪♪♪
- Good morning,
Shamari.
- Good morning.
- What are you doing
down here, diva?
- Hi. Hey.
- I came to check on you.
- Thank you.
- Are you getting dressed?
- I'm actually looking to see
what I'm gonna wear
a little bit later.
- Then I'm right on time.
[laughing]
I'm gonna help my diva out.
- Oh, oh.
No, thank you, Marlo.
[sighs]
I don't need your services.
Now, what you need to do, is
go back to what you do best,
and that's using OPP,
other people's pension.
- What were you thinking
about wearing?
'Cause you know we're--
the girls,
we're gonna meet them
for breakfast.
- Why I gotta get
dressed up for breakfast?
- Come on. Come on.
This is sexy evening.
I love the black.
You can throw on
a leather jacket with it.
- I don't know
about that jacket.
- This is fashion.
You're not trying
to do what's safe.
Just do it.
Put it on real quick.
- Aww, I don't feel like
trying nothin' on, Marlo.
- Oh, my God.
All right.
Well, don't do it
but just take notes.
- I don't need to be
updated, or upgraded,
or anything like that.
- Updated, you do.
- No, no, no.
- Yes, you do, baby.
- No, no, not
updated, honey.
- You just need
a tune-up.
- No, I don't--
- It's like a car.
Just vroom-vroom.
You know, get it
goin' like this.
Vroom.
Just tune it up a little.
- Some people love to shop
and do this and that.
Well, I love to
love on my family.
So, I do have
a sense of style,
but I just don't have time.
Like, just let me
do what I do.
This is me.
I-I really appreciate
you for--
- It's all about accessories.
- I appreciate you for carin'
and comin' in here,
and, you know, tryin'
to hook a sister up.
- Mm-hmm. I--
- But I'm not
an accessory girl,
like, you know?
I just-- I am who I am.
- Do me one favor.
- Marlo, I can't.
- Let's just put on
one thing for breakfast,
and we go up together.
- Okay, what am--
what are we puttin' on
for breakfast?
- We'll do one little thing.
Now, not this.
- Lord Jesus.
- No, this is for the night
with the girls.
- You know what?
Let me just shut you up
because you're getting on
my nerves.
Let me just humor you
and put on some of
your little Gucci pieces
and call it a day.
- Okay, let's do this,
and I'll have you--
I'll tie this
as a shirt.
- Oh, my God, Marlo.
- All right.
- Marlo, oh, gosh, please.
- Take your, uh, bra off.
Take your bra off.
- What?
- I'm not one
that like ladies,
so don't worry about me.
[laughing]
- Oh, sh--!
I gotta worry about you.
♪♪♪
- Hi, you guys.
Good morning.
- Eva, I wore this
just for you, honey.
I went straight
for the Boho-chic.
- It's everything.
- Good morning, ladies.
- Oh, my gosh, Shamari!
♪♪♪
Work, girl.
Honey, drip, drip.
- You look rich, honey.
- I just gotta say that
that is Marlo's look,
and I can't necessarily
say it is yours,
but you look fabulous.
- I decided to humor Marlo,
and I got the Marlo remix, baby.
This is not
[indistinct].
- Uh-uh.
[laughing]
- All right,
where I'm sittin'?
- Come on
over here, Porsha.
Let me get y'all
together right quick.
- Y'all ready?
We gotta get this
thing poppin'.
- How did everybody
sleep last night?
- Well, it was
like a nap really.
- I heard we had some
twerkers in here last night.
- Oh, gee, Cynthia Bailey's
twerk was a struggle.
- I need to see the video.
[laughing]
- I know I'm not the best
twerker in the group,
but this could be
a new thing.
Who needs to do it
doggystyle
when you do it
froggy style?
Where are my frogs at?
- Well, I have somethin'
I wanna tell you guys about
really quick this morning,
so if I could have
everyone's attention.
Porsha, you're gonna
help me, so stand up.
- Okay, yes.
- So, I came up
with this great game
that we're both
going to host.
- Mm-hmm.
- The name of the game is
bitch stole my talent.
♪♪♪
- Coming up next...
- Yes, donkey!
- What the hell?
- Wait a minute, now.
She gonna lay down.
- Oh, yeah. Come on.
I'm sucking in.
[laughing]
♪♪♪
- So, I came up
with this great game
that we're both
going to host.
- Mm-hmm.
- The name of the game is
bitch stole my talent.
- Ooh!
[laughing]
- Okay?
It's raining outside.
We all have on
wigs, honey. Ha!
We can't go out there,
child. It'll be--
it'll be jacked up.
So, I came up with
the best idea in the world.
We're gonna play
a game, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- It's gonna be
a competition.
You and I are going to host
'cause we're the ones
that got personality.
- Yeah, yeah, yes.
- And since we all have
a different talent
that we're really good at,
I thought we could have
a competition.
I am a genius, bitch.
Here's how it go.
Marlo and Tanya,
you guys consider yourself
the fashion queens
of the circle.
Well, hold up.
Who-who is the top two
fashionistas
in this entire circle.
- Well, I would first
nominate myself.
- Well, I know I am.
- When we start the clock,
you got 15 minutes
to put on a fashion look
and come back down here
and let us see you work.
The next group that's
gonna go up will be...
[drum roll]
Cynthia and Eva.
We're gonna have walk
the runway, baby,
and then pose at the end
and come back and walk.
- Sashay, bitch.
- Sashay, chantay.
[laughing]
- I came out the womb
crip walkin',
so this whole
model walk runway,
oh, she been ready.
- Child, I've been
slaying the runway
since Eva was a baby
suckin' on a bottle.
So, I just have to tap
into my Cynthia Bailey.
I gotta fill my body
with Naomi Campbell, honey,
Tyra Banks.
I'm gonna beat Eva today.
- And then Shamari
and Kandi, yes!
We're gonna have
a sing off, baby.
[vocalizing]
Put those vocals together.
[coughing, laughing]
- This whole
competition thing,
like, that's not my thing.
Who made the most money
at it
is more
what I think about.
- I already lost
the bitch stole my look.
- Detroit.
- I'm not gonna lose
the bitch stole my talent.
So, Kandi, it's on.
- And here is
Porsha and I.
We are the hosts.
Both of us love to host.
You know, you wanna see
who hosts the best.
[laughing]
I got this.
You know what I'm sayin'?
You know,
the mouth of the South.
Are you kidding me?
- I gotta go against NeNe?
Who's ever gonna hear me?
All right, ladies.
- Whoo! Yes, honey.
- Y'all have 15 minutes to
go upstairs and get ready.
One, two, three.
- Go!
[screaming]
Bring back your best.
Do it! Do it! Do it!
Let me hear those
vocals, Kandi!
- I can do this
with my eyes closed.
[laughing]
- May the best slayer win.
- Yes.
- We have [indistinct],
Gucci, Gucci, Gucci.
- Hello?
- Cynnamyn, Cynnamyn,
Cynnamyn,
I need our help.
[vocalizing]
- Oh,
Kandi doin' this sh--.
♪ Oh yeah toot
my horn you ♪
[vocalizing, laughing]
- Hello.
Oh, my God!
- Look at all that
donk, baby.
Yes, donkey.
- What the hell?
[laughing]
You are killin'
this outfit right here.
- Porsha, I need you
to help me.
- Hold on.
Let me lay down.
- Wait a minute, now.
She gonna lay down.
- I'll lay down
on the floor.
- Lay-- no, lay down.
[grunting]
- Come on.
I'm suckin' in.
- Okay, okay,
there you go.
Marlo got all
that ass out.
She got them breasts out.
Honey, she is coming
to shut it down with body,
m'kay?
- Ahh!
[laughing]
- Okay,
can you hear me?
- Okay.
- Hey, boo.
- Hey.
- What are we doing?
- I'm doing lip rolls.
That's how you warm up
your vocals. Yes.
[indistinct phone chatter]
- Who that
on the phone?
- Oh, I was talking
to my vocal coach.
She was helping me.
- Oh, you made a call
[indistinct].
- I really just
wanna go in there,
snatch their wigs off,
and I wanna really just
dig into the soul
and the core of their bodies.
- Okay, let's check on
Cynt, honey.
Okay, you got
seven minutes.
- Okay--
Oh, my God!
Okay, get out.
- Oh, yes.
- This competition
thing is serious.
Everybody's puttin'
their all into it.
You should
probably stretch.
- Yes.
- Lift your leg.
Two, three.
- Yes. Uh-huh.
- Lunges, yeah, yeah.
- Splits.
- Not a split, uh-uh.
- Whoa! Whoa!
Help me!
- Oh, my God!
[laughing]
- Whoo, whoo, whoo.
Is you all right?
- Girl, you good?
Oh, my God, my breast
came out, of course.
- What?
- With-with your split.
- Okay, well, on that note,
I'm gonna see if I can
bounce on up outta here.
[laughing]
- I can't. Oh, my God.
Oh, I gotta tape
my breasts in.
♪♪♪
[vocalizing]
- Okay, I'm fine.
♪♪♪
[buzzer sounds]
- Hey, everybody, let's go!
Time is up!
[screaming]
And the competition
is on its way.
Yeah!
[cheering]
- Perfect.
- We are ready.
Welcoooome...
to bitch stole
my talent.
[all cheering]
- Yeah!
- So, ladies and gentlemen,
we want you to remember
that you are judging
Porsha and I.
- Yes.
Judge us at the end
and let us know
who slayed the hosting.
All right, ladies,
I hope you are ready.
She comes from
St. Petersburg, Florida,
honey.
Give it up for
Miss Marlo LLC
mother----ing Hampton!
Yes!
[cheering]
- Yes, Miss Marlo.
- Bootylicious bitch.
- Now, that's the Marlo
I like best.
- You better give us
thunder thighs, honey.
[laughing]
Yes, yes!
- You killed it.
Tanya's gonna have some
pretty big Louboutins to fill
if she's going to
beat Marlo,
and Marlo's Louboutins
are a size 11.
[laughing]
- Ladies and gentlemen,
yes, are you ready for
the next fashion queen?
Put your hands together
and give it up
for the one and the only,
the fashion beast,
Miss Tanya Time.
♪♪♪
- Oh.
- Ooh.
- Oh, whoa.
- Okay, so, that's how
this go, honey?
Okay, thunder.
- Is that fashion?
- Comin' up next...
- Wait a minute!
Wait a minute.
Porsha has not
been drinking.
- Her stomach
is lookin' big.
- Wow.
♪♪♪
- Put your hands
together
and give it up
for the one and the only,
the fashion beast,
Miss Tanya Time.
♪♪♪
- Oh.
- Giving us all white
down the runway,
curl that, black shoes,
Chanel bag.
Un-uh, bitch.
Girl, you gotta bring
somethin' else.
A white jumpsuit?
- Marlo, thank you so much
for opening up for me.
[laughing]
I have a little
something for you,
a sucker.
- Oh, my God,
I love a sucker.
- That is funny.
- I love a
sucker, darling.
- Yes.
So, ladies,
if you allow me,
I'm going to take you
on a fashion journey.
- Ooh.
- When I dress up in
the morning, I think
what story am I
going to tell?
I did high low today.
This is Christian Dior's,
but then my sunglasses
over here are from
Swagg Boutique.
So, you get a little bit
of everything.
- Uh-uh. Oh.
- Hold on, bitch.
You leave Swagg
alone, okay?
Those glasses cost $120.
I mean, it may be
a low to her,
but it's a high
to some women.
So, I don't know if Tanya's
shady or shallow.
- At the end of the day,
you need to be versatile,
so you get on your boat,
and you want to be able to
swim and enjoy your life.
- Oh.
- And you start taking
off your clothes.
- Go, Tanya.
Go, Tanya!
[cheering]
- Okay, okay, okay.
- Yes.
- Yes, Miss Tanya Time,
honey.
[cheering]
- It's not over.
Slip on your beachwear.
- I taught her well.
I think she saw my look.
- And now, you're ready
for a fabulous day
at the beach.
- Very good.
Now, is this a high,
or is this a low?
- So, we went
very high here.
- All right.
- So, now, this is
actually the hottest thing
in Dior right now,
the Christian Dior visor.
- Yes, I love it.
- Because we need to shade
all you bitches.
[cheering]
- I did not have a clue
that Tanya had it in her
to throw
this much shade.
I think I'm gonna like you
a little bit more than
I thought I would.
- All right, so--
- Marlo Hampton--
who wants to choose her?
Raise your hand.
[crickets chirping]
- Wow, heartbreaking.
- Then, next we have
is Miss Tanya Time.
[cheering]
- How dare you guys?
[laughing]
- Marlo, sit down.
You are not the
fashion queen.
Tanya has come in and
snatched that sh--
right off your head.
- Next competition--
bitch stole the runway.
First to the floor,
they call her Eva the Diva.
- Come on, Eva Diva.
[cheering]
And strut, and walk,
and get it.
- Dang.
- Bam. Oh, legs
- Diva Eva.
- Ooh, those cheeks,
honey. Yeah.
[cheering]
- Now for the pose down.
- She doesn't lose.
I mean, that's what we do.
So, let's go, Miss Bailey.
- Give it up for Cynthia
"Cheekbones" Bailey.
Hit it!
♪♪♪
- Oh, whoa.
- Okay.
- Yes, bitch,
come through!
Sunglasses
and all, honey.
Don't you dare think
those high cheekbones
are not gonna grab you
by your balls, honey.
Oh, go on.
- All right, pose down.
- Wow.
- Hold it. You got to
pose on camera.
And pose.
[cheering]
- Thank you, Eva,
for warmin' up the runway.
I'm the next
"Top Model," now.
Let me call Tyra
and tell her.
- Raise your hand if
you're feeling Eva the Diva!
- Oh, they both are great.
- One or the other.
[drum roll]
- No one has raised
their hand for Eva the Diva,
so move on.
- So, you know
how this feels, Marlo,
'cause you lost, right?
[laughing]
Okay.
- Are you feeling Cynthia
"High Cheekbones" Bailey?
[cheering]
Cynthia did
a one-two step
of "Dancing with the Stars"
on your ass, honey,
and kilt Eva.
Bye, Eva.
You're dead.
- For the last part
of the competition,
we are going to step into
bitch stole my hits, okay?
I will start with
Miss Shamari.
From the group Blaque.
Step it up, honey.
There ain't no
booms in the 808,
she's about to
sing her life away.
- Yes.
- And present to you--
- Styled by Marlo Hampton.
- The song--
- All right, you tried it,
Miss Hampton, honey.
- "His Eye
is on a Sparrow."
♪ When Jesus
is my portion ♪
♪ and constant friend
♪ is He ♪
- Hallelujah!
[cheering]
♪ I sing ♪
♪ because I'm happy ♪
- Whoo!
♪ I sing ♪
♪ because I'm free ♪
♪ oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ his eye ♪
♪ is on the sparrow ♪
- Right?
[cheering]
♪♪♪
- Thank ya.
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
- I was already nervous,
but after damn Shamari is--
took us to church
and gave us the Holy Ghost
over here,
I'm super nervous.
- Ahh!
- Amen, amen.
Now, we will
usher in Kandi.
She about to set this
daylight on fire, baby.
Come on, Kandi Burruss!
- Come on, Kandi!
- Come on,
sexual chocolate!
Sexual chocolate,
come on!
[applause]
- Yes, God.
♪ You cut me ♪
♪ deep ♪
♪ whoever knew ♪
♪ that a blow to my chest ♪
♪ would come directly
from you ♪
[indistinct singing]
♪♪♪
[cheering]
[vocalizing]
- Shamari, Kandi,
Shamari, Kandi,
Shamari...
Kandi's a songwriter.
Shamari's an
amazing singer.
- Now, raise your hand
for Kandi the Burruss.
[clock ticking]
- Points for writing it.
You wrote it.
- All right.
And now, raise
your hand for Jesus.
- Yes.
- Yes, Jesus.
- Thank you, Lord. Oh!
- Yes.
- Hallelujah.
[laughing, applause]
- Yes!
Take me to church, girl!
Go, go!
- First of all, I wanna
thank God for giving me
this opportunity.
Everybody that believes
in me and supports me,
my fans.
Thank ya! Hallelujah!
Thank you. Thank you.
Muah, muah, muah.
- Lord Jesus.
[laughing]
- Well, all right,
I hope you guys
have been paying attention
because we have two
hostesses with the mostest.
- Yes, we do have that.
- Will you give it up
for Porsha Williams?
[rain pouring]
- I'm gonna slap
all you bitches.
[laughing]
- Girl, but you did good.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Welcome to
the NeNe Leakes show
each and every night.
Ha!
[laughing]
Of course, I won.
You know, some people
are born with these things,
and then some people
have to learn them.
I was born with this gift.
[clicks tongue]
Yes!
[laughing]
- That alone
wins it for me.
- I'm not speakin'
to none of y'all.
[laughing]
- Coming up next...
[screaming]
[laughing]
- They need to call this
little thing the Donald Trump.
It's grabbin'
my pussy right now.
♪♪♪
- Welcome.
- Are you kidding?
- Oh, my goodness.
- I might cry.
- I had all of these amazing
plans with the sun in mind,
but the weather isn't
working for me, honey.
So, half of us
will get massages.
Porsha is in the bed,
and she has a headache,
and she doesn't
feel very well.
You wanna take a nap?
Okay.
The other half will do
aerial Pilates, honey.
- I am very excited
about the aerial.
- About the
aerial Pilates.
Yes.
- Are you flexible?
- Honey, is she?
- Okay, girl.
- I thought these girls would
learn how to really, like,
swing their legs open
for their man.
Hashtag
thank me later, bitch.
- For years, I've been
around these girls.
And, normally, I can't
go outta town with them
without it being,
like, a huge blowup.
And so, it's like I was
constantly feeling like,
okay, are we gonna
be okay for real?
- Right.
Look, I got my
boxing gloves on.
I'm ready.
- If you start with me,
I'm gonna fire off.
- Yeah.
[laughing]
- How are you guys
doing, girls?
Are you okay?
- Oh, better than okay.
- You couldn't have had
a better host than myself.
- Oh, such a treat.
- NeNe, are you gonna
talk to, uh, Eva?
Like, are you guys good?
I feel like you're gonna
have to have a conversation
and let her that you're
fine to be in the wedding,
and you don't feel no kinda
way about not being invited.
- I said it at the table
so many times.
- You said what?
- I was okay with
not being invited.
Eva not inviting me
to the bachelorette party
was definitely, you know,
a shade moment.
But look,
I'm the host of this trip,
so I'm going to forgive,
but don't you ever think
that I have forgotten, bitch.
- I wonder how they're doing
at aerial acrobatics.
- Child, that's probably
a disaster.
[laughing]
- You're gonna
run and jump.
[screaming]
- Was your knees supposed
to hit the ground?
I feel like
I got a bruise.
- All right,
run and plank.
Three.
[screaming]
♪♪♪
[laughing]
- They need to call this
little thing the Donald Trump.
He grabs people by the pussy,
and that's--
this thing is grabbing
my pussy right now.
- I should've competed
for that massage.
[snoring]
- Let me tell you
somethin'.
Marlo would've
hated this.
- Marlo come into
my room this mornin'.
- Came into your room?
- She came to my room like,
"Let me help you out.
"Let me help you out."
I'm like, why?
Like, I don't need the help.
- Seriously?
But you let her
change your clothes.
- But you know what?
It was because she was
pretty persistent.
- That's Marlo Hampton.
- Yeah, that is Marlo.
- Pretty consistent and
coming in and giving me
a little what she calls
a little boost.
- Okay, Shamari,
I know you don't know
any of these girls
that well.
- You got it?
All right, step on up.
- Thank you.
- But let me
tell you somethin'.
Marlo is always
giving advice
that people
did not ask for.
- You're gonna have to
come to my etiquette class.
I'm gonna teach
you etiquette.
Welcome it.
- You can't teach etiquette
to nobody around here.
- Oh, my God!
- So, get used to it.
It turned out cute.
She did a good job.
- But I was fine
with what I had on.
As the hours went by,
it started marinating
a little bit.
Like, yeah, she really,
really tried to come for me,
and I'm not the
one to mess with.
And, you know...
[chuckles]
she-she didn't win
the fashion segment.
- Ahh!
- Right, right, right.
So, like, are you really
that fashionable?
- I wish Porsha
could've joined us.
- Is she okay?
Is there anything
we can do for her?
- Well, she was just having
a little bit of a headache.
- We got a baby
on the way.
I'm gonna speak it
into existence.
- How do you know?
- I feel it in my heart.
- Wait a minute!
Wait a minute.
Porsha has not been
drinking on this trip.
- I told you guys.
- Mimosas?
- No, you know,
I'm on a alcohol cleanse.
- For the whole weekend?
- Yes, I'm two weeks
clean of alcohol.
- She just said she
was on a cleanse.
- Her stomach
is looking big.
- Well, her stomach
is definitely not flat.
- I'm not gonna lie.
You are killing
this outfit right here.
- You guys, when we pulled
up at the gas station,
you know how
at the gas station
they serve those big
dill pickles in the jar?
- Did she buy one?
- I think she did.
- Ooh.
- Mmm.
- Should we make her
take a pregnancy test?
She's sleeping,
she's gained a little weight,
and she's not drinking.
Forget the rest.
The fact that Porsha
is not drinking...
Porsha is pregnant.
- I would be really
happy for Porsha
'cause I feel like a baby would
really change a lot about her.
It really would,
'cause I feel like my first
child changed my life.
- I'm ready for
my life to change.
Sh--.
- You gonna be next
to get us a baby?
- We need to get me
a man first.
[laughing]
- Oh, my gosh, yes.
♪♪♪
[knocking]
- Porsha.
- Hey!
- You got a
nasty salad.
- Yes, girl.
- Girl, let me
tell you, honey.
We had the best, honey.
- Was it good?
- I feel so [indistinct].
[Porsha laughing]
Well, are you
feeling better?
- I just needed
a little nap, girl,
and get rid of that
little headache.
- Uh-uh, not the
- NeNe, what is goin' on?
- Are you sure
you're not pregnant?
- Uh, uh...
- Comin' up next...
- You only won because you
sung a religious song.
Your voice is awful.
- I was a A-list
when you was a alias.
- Girl, that was back then.
What are you now?
♪♪♪
- NeNe, what is goin' on?
- Are you sure
you're not pregnant?
- Uh, uh...
I'm not fittin'
to play wit' you.
- Well, are you sure?
You weren't feeling good.
You were laying down.
You haven't been drinking.
- I told you I--
why I wasn't drinking.
- Uh-huh.
- Now, he did-- Dennis put
a little bit in my bag.
- Let me see.
- Right here.
- But are you sure?
- Okay, here is the thing.
- You ate a pickle
at the gas station.
- How you know I ate a pickle
at the gas station?
Okay, so, I would say that
I haven't checked all the way.
[gasps]
- Oh, wait.
- But, no-no, sit down!
- Okay, wait a minute.
Wait.
- I cannot play
wit' you, NeNe.
- I gotta hold my balance.
Wait.
- Sit down.
I cannot play wit' you.
This is not
really Hennessey.
- Ah!
- No, no, no, no, no.
And-and it's only
not real Hennessey
because I
don't know yet.
So I'm not fittin' to sit
here and drink Hennessey,
and I could be,
you know?
- Yeah.
For years now, Porsha's
wanted to be married
and have a baby.
- I want to
have my children,
and they know mommy's
gonna be home.
- You are 34
right now.
Lots of women
successfully
have very uncomplicated
pregnancies
up until their late 30's
and early 40's.
Yeah!
- A baby nup agreement?
Is that what we're
talkin' about right now?
- This is going to
change Porsha's life.
From the Hennessey bottle to
a Goddamn baby bottle, bitch,
it's on.
Ha!
- This is Coca-Cola
and apple juice.
- I think you're pregnant.
- So, tonight,
I'm gonna bring this out,
and I'm gonna drink it,
but I'm not gonna
give nobody none.
Oh, my God!
I cannot lie to NeNe.
It's like she's got
all these clues.
Plus, I see how excited
she would be if I am pregnant.
So it's like
I kinda don't,
but I do wanna tell.
- You have got to at least
pour a drink out.
'Cause they are
very suspicious.
- You bitches been
talkin' about me?
- We're like, "This mother----er
is pregnant, honey."
They're excited, though.
- But we gotta
keep it a secret.
- I'm not gonna
say anything.
But I gotta
tell you, though.
- What?
- I'm excited!
[laughing]
- Okay, we don't know.
Stop.
We don't know yet.
- Just anticipation
of it all then.
Ahh!
This is gonna
be everything.
- Okay.
- Push.
[grunting, laughing]
Breathe, breathe.
[panting]
♪♪♪
[vocalizing]
- All right.
- Let's go, ladies!
- I gotta get my purse.
- Come on, Porsha.
- Okay, let's go.
- As much as I love this
house and all the games,
it's kinda exciting
to actually leave.
- Shamari look like she
is lit already, honey.
The party has started
with Shamari, honey.
- At this point, we've drank
all the liquor in the house.
We have no choice but
to go somewhere else.
- Honey, I'm so happy to
be away from the babies.
You know what
I'm sayin'?
I'm like, look, drink
after drink after drink.
♪♪♪
Is there one
on this side?
Did I leave it
out over here?
- Just a little bit.
- Oh, you didn't
do that side.
- Okay.
- Well, this one
holdin' it down.
Keep the ponytail
right here.
[laughter]
- Watch your step.
- Watch your step, ladies.
Oh, thank you,
Miss Leakes.
♪♪♪
- Good evening, ladies.
- Hi.
- I have your room ready.
Follow me, please.
- Ooh, beautiful!
[sighs]
- This is gorgeous, NeNe.
- Am I just zooin' it
all the way, Marlo Hampton?
- Which one is
good on here?
I don't know.
- Let me try
the tuna capriccio
and the lobster
spring rolls.
- Would you like
[indistinct]?
- Yes.
[laughing]
- Well, uh, let's propose
a toast to our, you know,
final night.
Porsha, do the honors.
- Oh, yes.
- Raise your glasses,
everyone.
- Well, I don't drink that,
but I'm gonna--
- Uh-uh,
not pull out the, uh--
- Yes, honey.
- It's the last night.
- I know I haven't had anything
to drink with you ladies.
- Okay, well--
- But I decided I will
just do a little--
- Thank God
I emptied your glass.
- A little something.
- Okay.
- She got more Hennessey
than I got--
- You know she
a Hennessey drinker.
- Baby.
- So...
getting to know each other
has been wonderful.
Shading you ladies
has been amazing.
[laughter]
The messiness
has been on a ten,
and the love has
been off the charts.
[all]
- Cheers.
♪♪♪
- Damn it.
I thought Porsha
was with child.
I hope that she's not drinking
Hennessey with child.
- I would never.
- We were wrong.
The only thing that Porsha
is having is Hennessey.
[laughing]
She's not having a baby.
The bottle don't lie.
- So, y'all been--
y'all been plottin'.
- No.
- Well, no, we had--
we had a massage earlier.
I was like,
"Wait a minute.
"At the gas station,
Porsha wanted a pickle."
- Wait.
Carmen San Diego over here
thinks that Porsha is pregnant
'cause she
wanted a pickle?
- No, it was one of
those big pickles.
- I get it.
Pregnant girls
eat pickles.
But you also gotta remember
that Porsha a hood girl.
You can pick 'em up.
They cost a dollar.
They come in a little bag.
You can get spicy,
garlic, or regular.
It's real good.
Believe me.
I know.
- You know, the whole
alcohol cleanse
came from the
keto diet.
Just one lie
begets another.
And so, that's why
I really kept to it.
- Oh.
- But they're
eatin' it up.
So, ladies and gentlemen,
that's how it's done.
- What kinda purse is that?
Um--
- Charlotte Olympia.
- Oh, it's so cute.
- I went to your room
and got a purse.
- I was wonderin'.
- I said, I'm not longer
taking tips from you.
I'm going to the
fashion goddess here.
- Oh, that's one
of her purses?
- We had a moment.
You know, we got dressed.
What if you did, like,
a pop of color or something?
I feel like
that's so great.
- Oh, my God.
I wanted some advice
on some accessories.
- But I never said
I was an accessory queen.
I think she just
respects the style.
- We also talked about
how Miss Marlo
came into my room
and wanted to
dress me today.
- Yes.
- And how that made me feel.
- Okay, love and light.
- I mean, we know that
you're the fashionista,
but your crown has been
taken away today.
- I don't think
it's been taken away.
- I don't think it's
been taken away, either.
- It's another fashionista that
can definitely save you.
You're in good hands.
With anyone at this table,
you're in good hands with.
- Anyone in good hands?
I don't know about anybody.
- Well, anyone at this table
can dress you
better than
how you come.
- They do-- bitch, I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
- Uh-oh.
- Okay, now we're not
gonna go bitch, now.
- I'm sorry, bitch.
That came out at the wrong
time, and it wasn't--
didn't need to
get to that level.
I do apologize.
- Let me get
my food first.
- Okay, 'cause
that wasn't right.
Those smirk
little comments--
- I'm gonna say
what the hell I want.
I'm in America.
I'm not calling
out your name.
- Okay, okay,
and that-and that--
- That's what you're
gonna do, is be a lady.
- Okay, but you're gonna
have respect for me, as well.
- Listen, okay,
okay, well,
don't call me a b-i-t-c-h
anymore either, okay?
- Okay, you're not a bitch.
All right.
- I know, and you are.
- Right, whatever, bitch.
Said it, again.
- Say it one more time.
- Bitch.
- Oh, my goodness.
♪♪♪
- Whatever, bitch.
- Say it one more time.
- Bitch.
- Your mama the bitch.
- No, your mom's the bitch.
- Hey, hey, hey!
- Listen, the mama thing--
don't talk about
their mamas, now.
- Okay, no, I will.
Your mama the bitch.
- So, we're just gonna
keep going back and forth
like we're in high school
and call each other bitches.
Okay, cool.
- Shamari, hold on, now,
'cause I know Marlo about
to get your ass together.
Where Marlo from, when I say,
"Your mama a bitch,"
it's on.
Let's go.
- Anyone that knows me,
in my 42 years on this earth,
knows me from fashion.
So, it's just you
coming here being catty.
- Catty?
- I don't even know
what that's from.
- I mean, it just
seemed like,
I mean, earlier today,
I mean, I just took it
that Shamari just didn't
like the approach.
You know what I'm saying?
- That's what I was saying,
the delivery.
- Everybody's coming
on me with my fashion.
- I never said anything
about your fashion.
- No, NeNe, you haven't,
but, like, I was
just saying that
when we had the
competition, she won.
- You only won because you
sung a religious song.
Okay, sweetheart?
Your voice is awful.
- My voice is awful?
- Marlo, she goes hard when
she's arguing with someone,
but my girl can sing.
Now, you can't take
that away from her.
Shamari can sing
her butt off.
- Let me see you
do what I did.
- I don't sing.
Let me see--
let me see you
do this, darling.
- Okay, so, how is
my voice awful, honey?
I done sold over 5 million
records, honey.
- Sweetie,
that's not in my lane.
- You can Google me
back to the 19's, honey.
I was a A-list
when you was alias.
- Girl, that was back then.
What are you now?
- Look, it doesn't
matter, honey.
Who discovered you?
You got new money.
- Girl, new money?
- Yes, new money, honey.
- Girl, I've been that
girl in the hood.
- I been had that sh--.
- Okay, well, get new money
and get new braces.
- You got the fake teeth.
- I've never had
fake teeth, sweetie.
Never braces
or fake teeth.
- You are dismissed.
Go play in traffic.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
- Marlo seems to have
something to say about
everybody's fashion.
Like, everyone.
But one thing
about Miss Shamari.
Don't let this little
chihuahua fool you, honey.
She will get you.
- Okay, you guys,
you know what?
If someone is okay with
the way that they look,
they're okay with the way
that they look.
So stop it, okay?
'Cause that's
really unnecessary.
- But I have
something to say.
Because I feel like
I came into this group,
and I was given
the label "fashion",
"label girl".
- I will give a fashion
shout out to Tanya.
If I put that type of,
you know,
label situation
on wardrobe,
I love the way
she puts it together.
- I never said that
a label makes an outfit.
I like them.
As you saw in my
presentation today,
you can do a little
bit of everything.
You can do a lot
with a little.
- You know, I want you
to understand, Tanya,
that I have very little
tolerance for ignorance.
- Ignorance?
That's a strong word.
- I'm just telling you,
my tolerance are very small
for ignorant conversations.
Because you wear labels,
and you say that
you are fashion,
just know that you may
be fashion in your eyes.
It doesn't mean that you
are fashion in my eyes.
Tanya, to me,
is comin' off like,
girl, what you're wearing this
evening ain't even slaying.
Okay, you might've
won the competition,
but this ain't
slayin', honey.
I have man'tay of
fashions, honey.
So, she doesn't have
anything that I don't.
- But it's not
a competition.
- But you talk about it
like it's a competition.
- We had a competition,
so I had to compete.
- I don't understand
what's going on here, NeNe.
Why are you being
jealous of Tanya?
- You need to come
into my closet, babe.
I will shut yours all
the way the (BLEEP) down.
- I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
- Well, I've seen yours,
and I will shut yours down.
- Okay, girl, somebody else
can get a little bit of shine
other than you, boo.
- I own stores.
I have fashions.
I'm a serial entrepreneur.
And I'm a successful
black woman.
- So, here's the thing.
NeNe is throwing
a lotta shade at Tanya
because of the
glasses comment.
But, girl, come on.
It's not that serious.
- Here's to successful
black women.
Yes, for the successful
black women in the room.
- Cheers.
- And I will not address
anyone else who doesn't want--
I will not address you
ever again about fashion.
- It's really funny to me
how Shamari, like,
takes it to heart
about fashion,
and you said that Dennis
looked like a leprechaun
[laughter]
in his green jacket.
- Hi, Dennis.
- Hello.
[laughing]
- Girl, Shamari had called
him doggone a leprechaun.
- No, she did not!
- Wait a minute.
All he was missing,
was the top hat and
the floor leaf clover.
- That's what you said?
- Oh, my God.
- You are awful.
- No, Halloween is my
favorite time of year.
- Wait.
[laughing]
- He ain't worried
about his brows, honey.
He don't need 'em.
He's a legend.
- I know I have
Go Naked hair,
but maybe I should
start Go Naked eyebrows,
'cause Ronnie could be
my first customer for sure.
[laughter]
We're just playin'.
It's just playin'.
- Fun shade!
Fun shade!
- Fun shade.
Fun shade.
- Ladies, let me just
stand up and say...
[chuckles]
thank you for joining NeNe
"Fair" Leakes this weekend,
honey, out here
in Florida.
Yes, we bond.
Yes, thank you guys
for coming.
Raise your glass.
I think this was a
really great vacation.
We had to iron out a few
issues, but we did that.
Fun times.
Cheers, cheers,
cheers, cheers.
And I am proud of each
and every last one of them.
Even the ones
with small minds.
- Here's to getting
to know everyone.
- And we almost made it
without any major drama.
- Oh, God,
we almost made it.
- Next time, on "The Real
Housewives of Atlanta"...
- Who is this heifer
that called me a bitch?
- Well, you don't
gotta worry about her.
- Those are fightin'
words where I come from.
- Cheers to that.
[laughing]
- She's gorgeous.
- One little, small request.
I just want ten pounds off.
- He haven't been talkin'
like that, lately.
When I said "lemon",
I'm thinkin'
that's her as a lemon.
- So, this is going
in the vagina, okay?
- Is that a condom?
- Yes, Dennis, this is
what a condom looks like.
[laughter]
[sobbing]
- Stop.
You're gonna be fine.
- I can't.
I can't go.
- For more information
on "The Real Housewives
of Atlanta,"
go to BravoTV.com.